fix bug: Even after a rerun of init mode job, TimeSeriesTable ES index not created. (#8958)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Fix the problem that some configurations (such as group.id) did not take effect due to the override order when using the kafkaConsumerConfig property to extend the configuration in Kafka Fetcher.
* Remove build time from the OAP version.
* Add data-generator module to run OAP in testing mode, generating mock data for testing.

> * Fix the problem that es index(TimeSeriesTable, eg. endpoint_traffic, alarm_record) didn't created even after rerun with init-mode. This problem caused the oap server fail to start when the oap server down for more than a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the problem that es index(TimeSeriesTable, eg. endpoint_traffic, alarm_record) didn't create even after rerun with init-mode. This problem caused the OAP server to fail to start when the OAP server was down for more than a day.
```

Fix grammar.
